recently there's been a lot of
excitement about this mysterious
star and the the k2 data that
the kepler space telescope data
the star that has a bizarre dip
in the amount of light that
reaches the Earth there's a
chance that maybe the dip in the
light is caused by an alien
mega-structure that's being
constructed around this parent
star and that structure would
then cause the light to dip as
it orbits the parent star now
this idea of giant alien
megastructures has been around
for a long time and basically
the idea here is that you're a
growing civilization in a solar
system you want to capture all
of the energy from your parent
star want to put solar panels or
whatever in a shell around that
star so you can grow and grow
and not be limited by the amount
of energy and so there are some
out there that are speculating
that maybe what we're seeing is
one of these advanced
civilizations in the process of
building up this shell and the
dips never seen correspond to
that she'll rotating in
out of our view now this is a
far-out and extraordinary
hypothesis but something we
can't quite rule out yet so the
next step is that the settings
to will use some of its radio
telescopes to see whether or not
there any radio signals coming
with messages for planet Earth
I'm skeptical and I said
probably not but the little kid
and make sure hopes that is
what's going on